Add d2l-form README (#825)
BrightspaceUI/core: components/form/docs/form.md

# Forms

## d2l-form

The `d2l-form` component can be used to build sections containing interactive controls that are validated and submitted as a group.

It differs from the native HTML `form` element in 4 ways:
1. It supports custom form elements made using the [`FormElementMixin`](./form-element-mixin.md) in addition to native form elements like `input`, `select` and `textarea`.
1. Upon validation, it will display an error summary that contains error messages for any elements that failed validation.

> 1. `d2l-form` elements can be nested. If a parent form is validated or submitted it will also trigger the corresponding action for descendent `d2l-form`'s unless they explicitly opt-out using. This means that a `d2l-form` will only pass validation if it and all of its nested descendants pass validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `d2l-form` elements can be nested. If a parent form is validated or submitted it will also trigger the corresponding action for descendent `d2l-form`s unless they explicitly opt-out using `no-nesting`. This means that a `d2l-form` will only pass validation if it and all of its nested descendants pass validation.
```

    <option value="porpoise">Porpoise</option>
    <option value="house hippo">House Hippo</option>
    <option value="spiker monkey">Spider Monkey</option>
    <option value="capybara">Capybara</option>
  </select>
  <button name="action" value="save" type="submit" @click=${e => {
      this.shadowRoot.querySelector('d2l-form-native').submit();
    }}>Save
  </button>
</d2l-form>
```

**Properties:**

| Property | Type | Description |
|--|--|--|
| `no-nesting` | Boolean, default: `false` | Indicates that the form should opt-out of nesting.<br><br>This means that it will not be submitted or validated if an ancestor form is submitted or validated. However, directly submitting or validating a form with `no-nesting` will still trigger submission and validation for its descendant forms unless they also opt-out using `no-nesting`. |

**Methods:**
- `submit()`: Submits the form. This will first perform validation on all elements within the form including nested `d2l-form` elements.
	- **Note:** If validation succeeds, the form data will be aggregated and passed back to the caller via the `d2l-form-submit` event. It will not be submitted by the form itself.

> - `async validate()`: Validates the form and any nested `d2l-form` elements without submitting even if validation succeeds for all elements. Returns a `Map` mapping from an element to the list of error message's associated with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `async validate()`: Validates the form and any nested `d2l-form` elements without submitting even if validation succeeds for all elements. Returns a `Map` mapping from an element to the list of error messages associated with it.
```
